font-family = UbuntuMono Nerd Font
font-size = 13
cursor-style = block
mouse-hide-while-typing = true

background-opacity = 0.8
background-blur-radius = 20

window-padding-color = background
window-padding-balance = true
macos-titlebar-style=transparent

shell-integration = zsh
shell-integration-features = no-cursor,sudo,no-title

# keybindings
keybind = ctrl+space>r=reload_config
keybind = ctrl+space>x=close_surface

keybind = ctrl+space>n=new_window

# tabs 
keybind = ctrl+space>c=new_tab
keybind = ctrl+space>shift+l=next_tab
keybind = ctrl+space>shift+h=previous_tab
keybind = ctrl+space>comma=move_tab:-1
keybind = ctrl+space>period=move_tab:1

# quick tab switch
keybind = ctrl+space>1=goto_tab:1
keybind = ctrl+space>2=goto_tab:2
keybind = ctrl+space>3=goto_tab:3
keybind = ctrl+space>4=goto_tab:4
keybind = ctrl+space>5=goto_tab:5
keybind = ctrl+space>6=goto_tab:6
keybind = ctrl+space>7=goto_tab:7
keybind = ctrl+space>8=goto_tab:8
keybind = ctrl+space>9=goto_tab:9

# split
keybind = ctrl+space>|=new_split:right
keybind = ctrl+space>-=new_split:down

keybind = ctrl+space>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = ctrl+space>k=goto_split:top
keybind = ctrl+space>h=goto_split:left
keybind = ctrl+space>l=goto_split:right

keybind = ctrl+space>z=toggle_split_zoom

keybind = ctrl+space>e=equalize_splits

# other
copy-on-select = clipboard
